I welcome beside bending lesson seven
we'll be showing you how to bend some
sides now when you be Bend some slides
tilt the afraid for some heat to the
sides here's a side bending machine and
no saw the block this comes down to bend
the sides of shape the same size traced
it off of it so we buy wood sheets
together and there gives a close-up of
it and an idea of how it works by
looking at that really well I should be
able to get a good idea
hockey puck on the top
works while those screws there there for
attaching the bungee cord type and units
that will hold the side bending units in
the future here's your book match sides
out that means it's going to be the
outside of the guitar
arrow down means such a flat side
now you wrap them up in aluminum foil
spray just a little bit of water in
there you don't need much in there
then basically you want to put a piece
of tape to mark where you're gonna want
it to be on the side so you
and it being a vegan sides okay
there's the heat blanket been put on and
I'm give you an idea and basically this
is a thermostat with your timer but I
switch there's yellow blocks and your
bungee cords that are gonna hold that
down the blocks as you bend your sides
basically bungee cord in place see how
they both look
turn on your check and make sure mark is
there get ready to turn on your heat
start applying heat to probably count 80
seconds there's an end looking picture
and
then licking picture will show somewhere
in between stuff but that gives you an
idea of how they're gonna be stretched
out
now here's the lesson itself basically
it's been heated up for two times of 60
seconds peace checking to make sure the
marks on this spot turn the heat back on
you should have a timeline like his sake
is as easy as I've started with a switch
like Peppa she was bending like Ryder
because of the heat
now I've got no one side then tickets
start cranking down the center because
it's being held down the front side
spinning right in there just a beautiful
fit took my time making this tool then
there's backsides all done too
so if you notice it's taking really
really close coffee
jig itself
it's all folks